Causal Non - determinism:
	not every event is caused by previous events.
Predictive non - determinism:
	the 'god doent play dice'   school of thought
	inability to make accurate measurements of the physical world makes it impossible to make predictions
	things are predictable but look unpredictable because we don't have enough information about them.
Stochastic Process
	if next state depends on both previous state and an element of randomness
Monte Carlo Simulation
	Inferential Statistics
	Maybe experimenting under random operations will give solution more efficientely than a analytical solution
	Random sample tends to exhibit the same proportions as the whole populations
	Do multiple trials, find the averages of the samples which can be considered the population mean
	Sampling has to be near random.
	Trials :
		# of samples.
	Null Hyptheses is what you would get from a true random sample.
Bernoulli's Law of Large Numbers:
	Repeated independent tests with actual probability p,
	chance that fraction of times that outcome occurs
	converges to p with number of trials.
	independent means memoryless.

Why Multiple Trials
	It then is possible to measure variance.
	Better than doing same number of experiments in one trial.
	credibility:
		measure - coeff of variation
			std-dev relative to mean.
		lower the better
			gives narrower peak.
Normal Distribution
	Nice Mathematically
		Charactersised fully by mean and std dev.
	Many Natural examples
Confidence Intervals:
	A range(characterised by epsilon) and a level
	the chance that the actual value lies within a epsilon ngbhd of the calculated value has a probability of confidence level.
Empirical Rule
	for normal distributions
	68% of data will lie within 1 sd of the mean.
	95% of data will lie within 2 sd of the mean.
	99.7% of data will lie within 3 sd of the mean.
Standard Error
	assume that the errors are normally distributed
	the sample is small considered wrt the population.
	p=% sampled,
	n=sample size
	se=√(p(100-p)/n)
	very good approximation to std dev.
Exponential Distributions
	the only memoryless continous distribution